how to turn water into ice instantly
hello and welcome to videojug pub
magician Christianly is going to show us
how to turn water into ice in a matter
of seconds he doesn't use a freezer just
a bit of magic step one you will need a
polystyrene or colored plastic cup some
napkins or tissues some water and a few
ice cubes step 2 the trick
let's see that again tell your audience
you're going to turn water into ice
before their very eyes pour some water
into a cup blow on it twice then empty
the contents of the cup to reveal the
water has been transformed into ice well
done Chris that's a good magic step 3
how it's done what your audience doesn't
know is that this is no ordinary cup
before performing a trick secretly stuff
a couple of napkins in the bottom of the
cup then add a few cubes of ice you must
not show the contents of the cup to your
audience or you will shatter the
illusion keep it a secret now you're
ready to perform the trick hold the cup
containing the napkins and ice upright
or at an angle so the audience can't see
it pour a small amount of water into the
cup saying you're going to turn it into
ice blow in the cup as if you're
freezing of water with your breath like
Superman in superman three after a few
seconds the napkins will have absorbed
all the water you can then tip the ice
out of the cup without any water you're
stunned audience won't believe their
eyes thanks pub magician Christianly
you're the best